_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

updated about pages, exclude pages in config

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: (PRUH-NUH-thee MOH-du-MOO-dee)
# <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  # more_info: > 
  #  <p>555 your office number</p>
  #  <p>123 your address street</p>
  #  <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Hi, I'm Pranati Modumudi, a first-year Master's student in Computer Science at Columbia University, specializing in the Machine Learning and Neuroscience track. I’m driven by a deep curiosity about intelligence — both natural and artificial — and how insights from each domain can elevate and inform the other.

Previously, I was a Data Scientist at Disney Streaming, where I worked on the Retention and Engagement Modeling Inference (REMI) team. There, I focused on causal inference and time series forecasting to understand customer behavior and how different business initiatives might drive causal changes in their engagement with the platform.

I completed my undergraduate studies at UC Berkeley, where I earned a degree in Data Science (with an emphasis in Sociology) and Economics and was a recipient of the Regents' and Chancellor's Scholarship at Cal (awarded to top 1% of applicants). 

My passion lies in building ethical, responsible, and inclusive AI systems that are transparent, safe, and aligned with human values. I care deeply about designing technology that not only works — but works for everyone.
